hello my name is vladimir you
see the channel of our museum today us
there will be a small reviewer model
Kostanay model model my model
anti-tank gun this is german
pak40 anti - tank gun
before you is a model model of a custom company
Brek instructions you can download
free on their website like
introductory model is the most
just a little what they do but before
you this gun anti-guns
pak40 times of the second world war
75mm barrel in general so
creepy thing quite famous story with
originals you will not tell me
it's not very interesting who needs it here
You googled this one and I already know
I will focus on the features of the assembly that
interesting you can see here
externally, the model looks very basic
even nothing with the original
certainly not the perfect length of the trunk she
too small in the original generally very long
should be lower should be a gun then
there are proportions to them of course
real others should be hers
the proportions however there are interesting
moments and how much it is interesting so on
my mind is disgusting now show
scientists from interesting moments
where are you going to cool
creep gun itself minus gun not
rotates that is someone detail
long she holds this part
and
the basis of which is mounted wheels otherwise it is
everything generally falls off so the gun is not
turns here and disgusting
time here at this gun
data wheel chock they
fall off constantly check
mount on binoculars and these things he's mine
he looks terrible
here until I collected when I saw this
I gave the instructions cool but such
speed will not and its option and
especially a little bit different now
I understand that this option is only
option on the shelf nadya frame to play with
by this or somehow use
in general, it is impossible to constantly creature
as in binoculars , as you can see
here holes like metaldeath snap
they hold very very tales and once again
too bad it has to deliver and can be but
during assembly
she 's constantly debug me interesting
done then the shields will be quite mounts
I liked it originally
Here is a tool to give a total and
true name homemade gun
falling apart in the hands of this minus but if
you need and put somewhere on
Dmitry Nadya frame some of your
use can be for cartoons
although you have to tinker with these to
the option is quite so impossible granite
can you use it for me
she did not like much though interesting
the solution in the design is let 's
traditions a couple of photos and we will
complete the review of this model
here we looked dan with you
modelka is small
she has her pluses and minuses i
I don’t really like military equipment
when her
whether you are going to collect it yourself
instructions invoice you always look
some ideas you can use
and their other homemade products fell off in
I liked this model mount
from this part but then connected with i
built
but I really liked the lining here these
emphasis they fall off the ducks that poured
not a playable thing at all but on the shelf
In principle, you can put on this I
goodbye you put like if you
liked the review subscribe to the channel
join the group of competitions in general, all
as usual for an early meeting guys
and bye